# You can specialize this file for each language.
# For example, for French create a messages.fr file
#

# Validation messages
validation.required=必填项
validation.minSize=Minimum size is %2$d
validation.maxSize=Maximum size is %2$d
validation.email=Invalid email address
validation.range=Not in the range %2$d through %3$d
validation.min=Cannot be lower than %2$d
validation.max=Cannot be greater than %2$d
validation.match=Must match %2$s
validation.isTrue=Must be checked
validation.equals=Must be equal to &{%2$s}
validation.invalid=Incorrect value
validation.future=Must be in the future
validation.after=Must be after %2$s
validation.past=Must be in the past
validation.before=Must be before %2$s
validation.object=Validation failed
validation.notFound=Object not found for id %2$s
validation.url=无效的网址
validation.phone=无效的电话格式
validation.ipv4=Not a valid IP address
validation.ipv6=Not a valid IP v6 address
